We're half an hour away from the opens
in Hong Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai.
You're watching the China Show. I'm Yvon
Man with David and Glad.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Stocks across the Asia
Pacific trading sideways as investors
await results out of Nvidia. Two-year
Treasury yields falling to the lowest
since May amid concerns about political
meddling at the Fed.
>> The Trump administration said to weigh
options to exert more influence over the
Fed's regional banks, says the president
gears up for a legal fight with Governor
Lisa Cook. Also ahead, what satellite
images reveal about China's military
arsenal that's ahead of next week's big
parade showcasing its latest weapons.
>> Plus, exclusive interview with the CEO
of the Hong Kong Investment Corp. on
their strategy and key priorities.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the show. I'm
going to keep this very quick because as
you can see, there's really nothing to
say apart from nothing is happening on a
headline basis that is there lots of big
movers of course underneath the hood.
And just to also mention the two-year
yield as we point out, lowest since May,
but within these markets, right, stocks
like Woolworths, for example, big mover
in Australia, uh you have the likes of
Nikon, for example, that's another one
to watch going into uh the Japanese
session. And of course, go as it goes
into the last uh what hour and a half of
the uh session. Flip the boards, please,
and let's have a look at something that
was moving. Let's still see if it is
moving right now. Big move down in oil
prices. Uh we're getting a bit of
stability right now. Shanghai crude, as
you can see, is catching up as far as
that's concerned. Iron ore, bottom of
your screens. Now, couple of stocks
we're tracking going into the open
today. NEO is front and center following
the 10% move up uh overnight. Expang
also did see quite a substantial move up
there in the US session. So 14% Hai
group that's on the back of this uh
approval uh perhaps listing here uh in
Hong Kong that takes us into the open
today. Futures are doing this after the
declines that we had yesterday and we
are again the jury is still out on which
direction we're going to open at but
that all that being said uh you have
that you know 7151 fix and focus. We're
near the highest levels near not quite
there near the highest levels of the
year or strongest levels of the year
here on the Chinese currency. Certainly
one thing to watch and we like nice
whole round numbers. So it's 4,500 is a
level to watch on the CI 300 Ivon which
also just happens to be near the highs
that we hit back in 2022.
>> Yeah, still watching those key levels
here as you mentioned as this rally
continues to still maybe there is some
underpinnings of of strength or at least
momentum. You take a look when it comes
to earnings though certainly that's the
big thing to watch. You take a look what
the agenda is today. So you talked about
4,500 for the CSI 300. We have July
industrial profits coming through here
at the bottom of this hour. the UN fix
as well certainly one to watch and just
what the PBOC is leaning towards given
just the strength that we've seen in the
remmbb we are getting close to being in
some of the the strength that is the
highest of the year um and earnings
right so we'll get to that but
everything from chips energy and EVs a
big one on NEO as as Dave mentioned with
that upgrade from JP Morgan and of
course we're still watching the likes of
Capricorn right that's the chip stock
that is coming to be much more popular
trade among a lot but yeah those
earnings came through here as Well, um,
Ernie's watch still a lot, right? We got
a whole Ernie Galore to kind of
>> Yeah, I don't have enough fingers
>> to our content producers.
>> Caterpillar, I guess. There we go.
>> Uh, take your pick. Uh, from really a
cross-section of really in in many cases
bellweathers of their specific
industries, right? So, you have
Maidtoan, uh, you have Ant Sports. Uh,
we're also getting earnings reaction
coming through today likes of Nong Fu
spring and Pingan. So it's really a key
theme across these markets.
>> Yep. We're going to have Moody to tell
us more about this whole consumption
sort of theme uh and really the the
behavioral changes that we're seeing.
>> Oh credentials. Oh, there we go.
>> And then so there's a lot going on
paying on credential all the China life
insurers are also reporting as well. So
um but it brings us back to kind of one
of the key themes right before we wait
for this Nvidia sort of earnings to kind
of drop. It's still about this whole
battle between the Fed
>> and of course Donald Trump, right? And
we're starting to see a little bit more
according to our sources of you know
ways that they can actually exert more
influence.
>> Yeah. I mean the markets have started to
listen
>> seriously take it seriously.
>> Yeah. The steepening of the curve really
the meltup we're seeing on the long end
as well. And just to add to that to not
related to that story is what's
happening over in Europe and that's also
leading to a steepening in the curves
there right what's happening in France.
So certainly one part of the bond market
to watch today. Uh I think we've hit the
highest levels on the widest on the twos
and 30s and twos and 10 since about 2021
2022 uh if I'm not mistaken. Uh that
then takes us into the other key theme
coming through which is this time
tomorrow within 24 hours we get Nvidia
out.
>> Yeah. I mean the the the the faith in
the there's a lot of faith in the market
that this AI spending boom can continue
right. I think Nvidia's results are
going to be the test for that and
whether that does continue here, right?
So does this AI boom have staying power?
Obviously, we still want to figure out
what what they're going to do about
China.
>> Yeah.
>> And whether that market and the US China
rivalry is going to be limiting their
growth or not.
>> And and speaking of just the China
angle, you I remember something Mark
Cranfield said just early this week.
Nvidia will give Chinese investors a
chance to see how cheap their market is
>> relative to Nvidia, right? So, while
Nvidia might give more justification on
the pees, yeah,
>> on the side, you know, on the side of
the the Pacific, it's going to also
underscore how cheap still on a
valuation relative valuation basis, this
greater Chinese market still there. So,
yeah, lots of focus of course as we go
into the thick of things. We'll start
things off though today with a closer
look at what's really what's cooking at
the Fed, pun intended, certainly there.
Uh, President Trump says he's ready for
illegal fights with Fed Governor Lisa
Cook after he moved to ousted her from
the central bank. It follows allegations
that she falsified mortgage documents.
seems to have had an infraction and she
can't have an infraction, especially
that infraction because she's in charge
of, if you think about it, mortgages and
we need people that are 100% above board
and it doesn't seem like she was.
>> Meanwhile, Bloomberg has learned that
the administration is weighing options
for exerting, as Ivana is pointing out,
more influence over the Fed's regional
banks. For more on this, let's bring in
Chill Dies, our news desk editor, uh, to
help us understand what these options
are.
>> Sure, David. So, what we're looking at
here, what people familiar with the
matter have told us is that the White
House is interested in, the Trump
administration is interested in trying
to expand the scrutiny over how uh,
those regional uh, uh, board members are
ultimately selected. So, the FOMC voting
committee uh, consists of these seven
uh, board of governors. Um if Lisa Cook
is successfully ousted by Donald Trump,
that would give him control essentially
to nominate uh up to four of those
positions. Um but those positions are
ones that are nominated by the White
House and then confirmed by the Senate.
That's not the case for these regional
uh bank presidents, right? So I mean the
bank governors, so these are the ones
that um the the the board sort of meets
every five years um appoints them on a
rotating basis. They kind of come in and
out. There's five that essentially weigh
in on FOMC decisions. Um and so what the
administration uh is looking to do again
according to people familiar is to try
to get sort of figure out how exactly
that process um you know ultimately
works um the more scrutiny over that. So
I think the implication there is
essentially uh that um you're seeing the
Trump administration kind of trying to
potentially expand its influence over
how exactly um you know the the the Fed
board of governors comes together and
then ultimately makes these rate
decisions.
>> What's at stake then when it comes to
monetary policy? Well, look, Yvon, I
think there's certainly a lot of
questions over the independence of the
Federal Reserve. Um, that was certainly
a prominent theme that was discussed at
Jackson Hole over the weekend. Um, I
mean, you know, it's no surprise and
it's nothing new that Donald Trump
certainly has been trying to pressure uh
the Fed into changing interest rates. I
mean, you know, we saw this with how
he's attacked Powell, criticized Powell,
says that he hasn't moved fast enough to
cut interest rates. Um, you know, we've
certainly started to see this with, um,
now that sort of expanding out to other
members of the Fed. I mean, look at, you
know, what's happening now with this,
you know, potentially gearing up for a
legal fight involving Lisa Cook. Um, so
what that potentially means is that
you're seeing uh the Trump
administration try to sort of expand
that influence, expand that pressure.
How successful that ultimately is. I
mean, remember again, these are still
people with their own brains capable of
making their own decisions is, you know,
another matter. But it does just show um
it seems the president is becoming a lot
more involved than you would
traditionally expect the president to be
uh in how the FOMC ultimately makes it
decisions.
>> All right, Jill. Thank you. Jill D is
there of lumber desk editor and as Dave
mentioned my markets are starting to
take this uh a little bit more seriously
given what we've been seeing in the long
end of the yield curve as well.
Returning to now Nvidia with those
earnings due after the bell on
Wednesday. Now we have a chart that kind
of shows the stock's tendency to move
uh sideways to down ahead of these
results, right? So obviously maybe we'll
see what the response is going to be. I
think options traders, we talked about
the 6% moves either up or down. That
certainly is kind of where we people are
looking at. So could be potentially a
big event risk out there. Let's bring in
our Asia tech correspondent Annal
Jeweler is joining us for a preview.
What's going to be key for investors,
Bill?
>> Yeah, I think you mentioned it at the
top there. It's really that big focus is
is the heavy amount of spending we've
seen on AI hardware going to be
sustained and and I mean yeah that chart
kind of shows how how you see sideways
to down but I think it also indicates
that recurrent narrative that seems to
come up every time we have Nvidia
earnings which is again this AI boom if
it will be continuing. So the
expectations going into the numbers
today they're actually very strong. So
so sales are tipped to have risen around
50% on the year. So revenue coming in at
or expected to come in around $46
billion. adjusted EPS of around just
over a dollar US as well. But but
certainly
that big focus as you said is going to
be on the sort of market reaction you
see because yes you've got options the
pricing for a big swing but also
investors just expect so much from
Nvidia and have continued to expect so
much. It's not just enough to to to to
meet beat you've got to beat by a wide
wide margin to really impress the
market. Well, how how how might China
feature into what analysts will be
looking for? And how big of a factor is
China really?
>> I mean, China is a big factor for the
company. It still makes up a big portion
of their sales, not not definitely not
in the majority. I think it's around 20%
when I last took took a look, but but
certainly if there's anything that's
going to really muddy the waters, it's
going to be China in these numbers. Of
course, everyone I think a lot of people
know the story, but just if anyone's
unfamiliar, the background here is that
last week we had reporting that H20, the
production of that chip, which is
specifically designed for the mainland
market, production on it, had been
halted. The story was it wasn't a
question of the Trump administration and
and repealing that that ability to
export. It was China instead telling its
companies not to use the chip. So
whatever Nvidia says around this is
going to be extremely closely tracked
because analysts at this point it seems
really don't understand how to really
price in that risk and the risk to
Nvidia's business. I do think it's
interesting though and you mentioned
Cambercon for instance which is the AI
chip designer at the top of the hour.
>> Absolutely blockbuster numbers yesterday
after the bell. We'll get the reaction
in the session today but you're looking
at a record profit for the company uh
swinging to to to a profit of around
$144 million a year prior. they were
losing money instead and and really how
much is that coming at the expense of
Nvidia and how much are you going to see
that as well from the other big chip
players in China like Huawei of course
another AI chip designer but the likes
of SMIC
>> it's another challenger potentially well
yeah
>> yeah well something to talk about I
guess this time tomorrow
>> mark our words we will uh be going into
this quite quite heavily uh Belle thank
you so much animal jeweler techch our
correspondent there great um coming up
here on shows speaking of tech, exits,
PE, private markets, and everything in
between. Our exclusive interview with
Hong Kong Investment Corporation Clara
Chan will be joining us at those times
on your screen. So, just in about an
hour's time from now, and also how
geopolitical risks have shaped the
investment landscape.
>> Yeah. But first, we talk markets with
Van Egg amid an onshore Tet rally and
Fed independence and focus and au joins
us next. And we're counting down the
trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong
Kong. This is the China show. Futures
are lower this morning.
[Music]
right? Uh, welcome back. Yeah, markets
are doing what most people at the gym do
in between sets. There we go. Ex with
the exception of gym selfies. This is
what we're doing on hold ahead of some
key the next one coming up.
>> Yeah. Or we're talking about Taylor
Swift's engagement as well.
>> Gives us time to digest what happened
overnight. I'm sure everyone's talking
about this.
>> So what's the next big thing there?
>> Oh, the betting markets say baby, right?
We'll talk about that a little bit later
on. Your reference rate just crossing
the Bloomberg here right now. 7118 here.
So it is a bit stronger than what is
expected here this morning. uh but still
seems to be the sort of the same in line
with what the PBC has done of late.
Yeah. Uh let's talk a little more about
the macro moves that we've seen and
bring in Anna Woo, crosset investment
specialist at Van Egg. She joins us live
from Sydney this morning. Anna, let's
start with kind of what we we've been
seeing in this yield curve, right? So
we're seeing the long end now pick up
quite a bit here. Steepeners are
certainly in play here. Dollar is also
down. There's certainly a lot of
concerns around Fed independence. How
seriously should we be looking at those
concerns now?
>> Yes. Um hello from Sydney. This is Anna
from VANC. Um so to your point um I
guess the the the Lisa Cook news
yesterday has really taken over the
headlines and u markets in react to that
news headline has been exactly to your
point dollar has been falling and um the
long and yield has been on the rise due
to um rising inflation fear and and and
growth uncertainty. But I think this is
let's step back. This is not the first
time we've seen such headlines. um with
the on andoff um um I guess showdown
between Trump and Powell and and some of
the other um headlines surrounding the
Fed independence. Um what I guess the
playbook is is that Trump wants a lower
interest rate environment for a broader
growth stimulus. Um and this is the
attempt of this administration onto uh
onto the Fed more broadly in in terms of
monetary policy and as we can see from
Jackson Hall uh last week it's already
tilting more doubbish. So I guess um
what what goes through over the medium
to long term um while this is pretty
high stake headline we think it's not
it's not going to derail um from the
playbook that yes um a a lower interest
rate is going to be what's in the desire
and the long end yours is probably going
to stay elevated um due to the rising
uncertainty and inflation expectations
>> and you know Anna David here so for
investors ers that simply need all-in
yield. 30-year yield at 5%. Is this a
good entry point, you think?
>> Well, that that's the milliondoll
questions. I I think it's still very
early to really think about u you know
to to really price in how the tariff um
impact is going to have on on the
broader economy as well as on growth.
And as we can see that even though the
front end of the curve is typically you
know driven by monetary decisions by you
know day-by-day headlines but really the
the the super long end the ultra long
end of the yield is more anchored in
growth outlook inflation expectations as
well as um just the general um fiscal u
fiscal um landscape. So, so with these
three elements not changing or even or
not significantly improving, um I think
it's a bit too early to say that it's a
good it's a good um entry level for for
the ultra long and yet rather focusing
on the medium the uh the the belly of
the curve and and the short end. That
would be the view.
>> Okay. Um for for equity traders out
there, I mean everyone's watching what's
going on with Nvidia. I got to ask your
take on what what's going to be the most
important thing that comes out of this
earnings report to you and do you think
this is going to be the big test on
whether you know all this AI spending is
going to have any sort of durability?
>> Yeah. Uh I mean the AI the AI
infrastructure raises we can we can see
um through the recent years really is
showing no signs of slowing at the
moment especially um if we take a zoom
into the um US earning season so far um
well it's we're seeing an increasing
trend of the capex um and also if we
just remind you of um Trump's initiative
taking on the invest in US model so uh
dragging I guess the the international
capital i.e. from Japan, from South
Korea into into the US market and and a
fair it's fair to assume that a fair
chunk of that capital is going into the
strategic sectors such as AI. Um so
really that that answers the question
from the demand and I don't think there
is any signs of or material signs of
showing that um the AI infrastructure
raise is slowing. So as the crown jewel
on the AI chips um ecosystem, Nvidia is
positioned to benefit from such revenue
um revenue growth um but also with um
the the US and US and China trade truce
even though we know that headlines shift
day by day. So, it's hard to predict for
the long term, but with with the H20
resuming um shipping to China and also
um the the watered down Blackwell chip
um getting um getting into the pipeline
and getting closer to production. Um I
think that's what's going to fuel
Nvidia's medium to long-term um outlook.
>> Anna, final question for you. I'm
curious how they we we talk about this
Chinese market rally a lot here on
shows. Um and certainly it depends where
you ask and where they are really on how
that story is being is permeating. Let's
put it that way. I'm curious. They're in
Sydney. How are you guys looking at this
domestic this onshore rally uh in equity
markets?
>> Yeah. Um it's it's very pleasing to see
that um the general um Chinese equities
are taking a broader comeback this year.
Um with tech being a um a definitive
standout. Um so the CSI 300 IT index has
so far returned uh 22% just over the
course of um August and that's on the AI
optimism and also the broader um
policies uh policy stimulus in support.
Um so but it's if we step back and we
look at how what's driving um the the
Chinese equities come back and in
particular Asia shares more recently um
because it's it is now um measuring by
the CSI 300 index outperforming the hang
index even though year to date is still
probably still slightly underperforming
um but really um the Asia market is
showing more more um I guess bullish
signs um more recently Um first of all
it's the tech um leaders in the in the
offshore market that's stimulating the
sentiment with the 10 cents um JD.com
and Xiaomi the like um boosting the
sentiment from the offshore market uh
and and sending that uh that that wave
into the domestic market but also um the
the broader stimulus um coming through
really is from the March MPC this year
from China um that over 100 US um you
know special purpose spine being de uh
being dedicated to the AI plus
initiative really directed both public
capital and private uh capital into the
sector. Um and this is also benefiting
not just um the AI the AI direct players
such as uh you know your Capricorn um
your um your SMC
but also um for the supporting players
such as EOP technology.
>> Yes.
>> Right.
Anna, we got to leave it there. We're
out of time. Uh, let's talk again soon.
Anna, thank you so much for the insights
there. A cross asset investment
specialist at VANC. Uh, just going into
the open today. One stock we're tracking
amidst many, but this is really one
that's catching your eye. Big move up
overnight, big move in the pre-markets,
8%. Uh, Hanging Index going into the
Wednesday session coming up shortly on
your screens.
The opening bell 6 minutes and 20
seconds away. This is Mumbai.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Just four minutes to the opening
bell. We're looking at an advance going
into the opening. Not so much a
substantial gap higher. Not completely
reversing the weakness we had yesterday.
Yeah. Um, a couple of things to to watch
going into the uh the I mean the open
today and certainly when you look at the
data that's coming through, I think we
have data coming through from Australia.
Industrial profits are coming out as
well. And the reason that is will
feature more prominently because there's
really not just a macro but a micro
component to the story. anti-involution
as you can see going back to 2015 2016
and the ability for them to reflate it
bottom of the screens will then give you
I guess in many many ways is this will
this turn into a substantial earning
story for markets to latch on to
>> yeah we're watching Neo shares of course
seeing that pop in the pre-market
following what we saw in the ADRs JP
Morgan upgrading it to overweight also
they announced this new uh limited run
version of its debut hatchback the open
is next is Bloomberg
[Music]
Good morning. We are going into the open
today and as you can see it's 42 seconds
away. 42 is the number of the day
because we're also 42 points short of
4500 on the CSI300. So we get to that
point, it's a nice whole rubber. We get
back to highest since about early 2022.
Apart from that though, we have some
data coming through this in the next few
seconds or so. Inflation out of Oz and
also industrial profits are soon to drop
here. Uh this is for the month of July.
This is for China.
>> Yeah, given PPI prices are still sort of
in the doldrums. We'll see how those
profits look in terms of the industrial
side of things. So certainly that's
thing one thing to watch. Nvidia still
the next kind of big event risk in terms
of the macro side of things. So we're
still waiting for that whether this sort
of AI, you know, spending boom has a bit
of staying power and certainly we saw
that uh in some of these results like
Cabricon, right? We'll break those down
coming up and see the stock but
basically swung to record profit in the
first half as well. And take a look at
how onshore markets are doing. We're
still talking about uh pretty decent,
you know, numbers here. We're punching
higher on the CSI 300. So as you say
about 40 points away from that uh 400
level but certainly there's a lot of
talk about here when it comes to the
earning side of things. Turnover still
remains to be strong. Yesterday we still
topped about 2.6 trillion rem. So
certainly still talking about above two
trillion when it comes to turnover. So
the liquidity is still very much
underpinning this rally here this
morning. We watch very closely what's
going on uh in the commodity space.
We're slightly uh sold out with copper,
steel, and iron ore. Shanghai crude
though is down about 2 and a half% here
this morning. And of course when it
comes to Hong Kong, there's a lot to
talk about when it comes to earning side
of things here. So certainly we talk
about NEO, you know, that was an upgrade
from JP Morgan. So we're watching the EV
space. Uh but everything you can think
of, right? Everything from sporting
wears,
consumption plays, traditional, new
consumption plays are all reporting uh
in the next few hours or so. So uh we're
watching of course the chip space. So
what what we heard so far was uh the
government coming up through with some
rhetoric about supporting AI innovation
and the like here. Cambercon tech though
that's the one to watch right so they
swung to record profit in the first half
this is has really been benefiting from
this wave of demand for for local
homegrown chips during this sort of post
deepseat moment right so certainly uh
they are the ones to watch here their
stock up some 3% and SMIC are also up
this morning u also watching a lot of
earnings to tell you about right so we
talked about uh ping on they've been
certainly been talking about a lot of
the market volatility that really led to
their first half profit to All stocks
down some 1%. Watching some of the oil
majors as well like Petrochina. Uh
Tsunak also came out with some earnings
there as well. The stock is down some
2%. Nonfu spring that's an interesting
one. Right. So we we actually are seeing
some signs of recovery when it comes to
this. You might remember there was a bit
of publicity bad publicity going on uh
amid some of the competition that you're
seeing in that space Dave and and
certainly that led to some bad PR but
looks like signs of a turnaround for the
company there in these earnings.
>> Yeah, there we go. Um, and we'll see if
hope springs eternal. Okay. Um, the So,
there's two data sets coming out right
now. Uh, I'm not going to spend a lot of
time on China industrial profits because
there's a more substant consequential
number coming through overn. But that's
just to say July industrial profits are
down um, one and a half%. Now, this one
is the big one. So, we're looking at
Australia
CPI and this is probably not going to be
good news. There we go. Aussie dollar
spiking right now. 2.8%
came in not just above estimates but
above every single forecast. It came in
at the very very in fact even above the
high end of expectations there. And as
you can see, markets already reacting to
this. You saw the Aussie, you saw the
three-ear yield right now. Uh we're up
on that as well. This underscores I
guess in many ways and we still have to
look at the underlying data what's
really causing this this bump up here.
Are we sleeping on inflation? We keep
talking about the Fed and rate cuts and
the probability that the Fed's going to
cut and probably well that's going to be
the case. How deep can that cycle go if
we start to get if we start to see
things like this and of course BC comes
out. We got the inflation number by the
way which came out of the UK few days
ago. just tying everything together for
you that inflation does remain a feature
in this market that perhaps is a risk
that some people not are sleeping on but
long and yields pushing high is perhaps
indicative of of that as well. Yeah, we
can't be, you know, you can't completely
guarantee then that we could see a cut,
right? And I know the RBA certainly has
talked about how deep this sort of uh
easing cycle is going to be, but you
know, the inflation still remains,
right? Take a look at how the US is
looking at things, right? When you have
shelter inflation that still seems to be
quite sticky. You have PPI prices that
are still quite firm.
>> You know, we still have that one big one
uh coming up this week as well, the PC
inflation gauge. Uh and we have one
labor market report for the Fed. So
certainly, you know, I think it's a
global sort of phenomenon, right? That
we still got to watch uh inflation and
whether it does actually perk up in this
whole kind of trade war world. Uh in
terms of industrial profits that came
out there just a few seconds ago as
well. So this is coming out of China. So
year-to- date figures, we're talking
about a decline of 1.7%. Uh year-on-year
figures was 1.5. So uh it is easing a
bit but still in contraction uh once
again. So of course as we continue to
see PPI prices are still uh in
contraction as well in this whole
deflationary sort of thing. So certainly
uh not surprising I guess these numbers.
>> Yeah. Well speaking of earnings earning
season so far and we are about halfway
through uh on Msei China as of this
morning and of course by the time we're
done with the day and just with a
multitude of uh results coming through
today we'll be more than halfway
through. But so far here's how things
look. It's about 43% have beat uh have
beat. you have 50% have missed and of
course the the difference u makes up the
inline here and certainly uh it what's
apart from this obviously is we're
looking at guidance and whether or not
we have seen and I can almost guarantee
you but I have to check my my my chart
in a moment here but you have EPS
estimates have actually been ratcheted
up to near the highs that we had a few
months ago uh 12 month EPS and MEI China
if you're more if you're wondering what
metric I'm mentioning here and beyond
that level we're back to I think 2023
2022 I I'll correct myself if I'm wrong
there. Uh but yes, it's certainly
something to watch as far as guidance
goes. There we go.
>> Yep. One company we're watching in
particular, we talked about it just now,
Nung Fu Springs. So net income for the
first half of the year beat estimates.
We also tracking Muan, which is
projected to post an over 30% decline
when it comes to quarterly net income.
Of course, they've been faced with a lot
of competition in the food delivery
space as well. Let's bring in our
Bloomberg intelligence team, senior
analyst Aydah Lee, as well as Katherine
Lim. She joins us from Singapore. Ada,
I'll start with you. It looks like we're
seeing a strong rebound and a bit of a
turnaround. Did this surprise you in any
way for Nung Fu?
>> Actually, this is in line with our
expectation. We were expecting a beat
for Nung Fu spring. So, its profit
actually went up by 22% year-over-year
in the first half and achieved the
highest um profit since 2019. So we were
expecting this growth because of a
recovery in his revenue line item
firstly and 2024 they had a rough year
because of all the publicity and and the
resultant um lack of demand for their
product but this year we see actually a
fading of this negative impact and hence
a recovery in the revenue line but on
top of that we're seeing um good margin
expansion. So if you look at gross
margin alone, it expanded by 1.5
percentage point year-over-year and that
is due to uh raw commodities tailwind.
So the key raw commodities in bottle
water is actually something called pet
and pet reached one of its lowest level
in uh April this year and even with a
slight recovery now it is still about
14% below average of 2024. So going
forward we actually still expect this
tailwind to go on
>> and you know the company as Ivonne was
pointing out earlier had to battle this
boycott negative PR. How has the company
recovered and what does it mean for the
output?
>> Yes. So the company def definitely have
shown recovery from that uh negative
publicity. Um and we believe that with
his innovative product is launching
quite a few new product as well and then
also in the first half it has introduced
three new water sources making them
having 15 water sources within China
now. So we believe this type of supply
um also will help the company going
forward.
>> Okay. Um how's the stock been performing
given this strong support? I mean
obviously things are looking good right
now.
>> Absolutely. So the stock so far this
year has gone up by over 38% definitely
beating the Henson index. I think the
market is catching on that there is a
recovery and people are continuing
buying the product and I think that's
the key thing for consumer staples
product is whether people will buy it on
the ground.
>> Okay. Uh Ada Lee will be staying on with
us uh in a moment. Let's take it now to
the certainly the stock that is
representative of the many of the top
team themes we've been tracking
anti-incclusion consumer health consumer
confidence price pressures that's mate
one of course I mean you look at core
local commerce profit there and we're
looking at earnings ahead of course
Mayapo is the first decline in three
years uh Katherine do you think there is
more pain ahead or have we realized most
of the pain
>> well do you know the magnitude of the
pain that mtoan had to go to to defend
its food delivery. We've seen it with
JD.com. Um David, um you've seen how
JD.com wiped out their entire retail
profits just to subsidize their new
initiatives, which essentially is
delivery. So that's the magnitude to
which Mtoan will be reporting um later
this evening um as to how much profits
they have to give up to try and fan off
not just hd.com but Alibaba as well. Now
are we at the end of it? I would say
this really depends on whether consumer
demand will continue to stabilize or
even improve going forward. So much so
that all of these companies may scale
back a little bit on their perks etc.
But again that is the milliondoll
questions because we have to actually
hold up the consumption right into 2026.
I mean in terms of market share I mean
can they still hold up that market share
if as you say consumer sentiment is weak
and you have the likes of JD.com and
Alibaba stepping into the fray.
>> So I think you know um Ivonne the
companies they've kind of like scaled
back on talking about you know how much
more orders they were able to do on a
daily basis. part of, you know, them
trying to actually um adhere with the
authorities call for, you know, more
rational competition. But, you know,
anecdotally, you've seen some of the
local press reporting that Alibabas or
Aramas and their Tao instant commerce
daily orders have already surpassed that
of Mtoan. So, we'll have to actually see
what the company makes out of it and
whether they will be able to actually
continue to drive more um via other
categories beyond food
>> team. Thank you so much. Uh Katherine
Lim of course in Singapore and Italy
here on set with us. Right. Let's have a
look at the broader conversation around
the economy and what this means for you
know companies ability to not just on a
quarterly basis right but to be able to
raise
margins invest for the future and have
confidence that commercially that is a
viable option for most that is a viable
option of course for some uh and that we
get into this virtuous cycle. Moody's
has released this report in China's
consumer economy saying structural
hurdles such as weak social safety, the
net uh and an aging population are
actually holding back the consumer
sector specifically. Let's bring in
Lilian Lee, vice president and sedar
credit officer at at Moody's ratings.
Lynen, good morning and nice to see you.
The
I was looking at my calendar. It's
almost 12 months now to the day, well
it's 11 months almost to the day when
the PBOC came out this time last year
with that briefing that kicked off this
cycle of
stimulus, reflation efforts, market
recovery, how do you think we're doing
11 months on from that point in time?
>> Yeah. And so it's a right time to take a
a stop here to have a review of the
policy effectiveness. So then in the
past 12 months we've seen multiple sides
of stimulus and toward consumption as a
main and category and then stimulate
stabilize property sector as well as
continue to stimulate some of the
infrastructure spending. So all in all
we think that according to the Q2 data
actually first half of data we see some
effect from these policies. We see uh a
kind ofly stabilized in the price level
property pricing in the first half
although we see a declines further in
July but we also see some signals of the
consumption categories recovery uh
especially those policy targeted C
categories recovery and we we don't
really see a strong signals in price
levels uh recovery is still under
contraction on PPIs CPI a little bit
better for some categories and but
overall Ro I think the sentiment of
business as well as consumer sentiments
kind of getting better compared to the
worst in the year at end of last year as
has been reflected in the uh uh capital
market or the equity market already.
Yeah. So all in all we think that there
are some signals of recovery but that's
recovery is unequal
and uh spread out China uh regions and
uneven across different sectors.
Uh a lot of this has to do as you
mentioned some of these government
subsidies into the consumer space these
trade in programs. There is a a sort of
expectation that you know these
tailwinds are going to start to fade in
the next few months or so. H how do you
see demand fairing without these
subsidies?
Well, without this subsidies, so yes,
the uh fact uh the impact that we the
the the rise in some of the categories I
mentioned are largely supported by those
trading programs. So in household
electronics in appliance of smart
appliance and these are are I think the
the effect could temper off when we see
the um trading programs getting uh less
uh less uh less large than the than the
first half of the year. But having said
that there are some other um features we
should have a notice in the economy is
that service sector. So service
consumption really takes a significant
rise in the first half year or last few
months. So we could see that the service
recreation sports and uh travels tourism
these several service categories they've
risen to uh 200 plus points compared to
pre-COVID level and and that's a a very
strong recovery much higher than the
other average and we will continue we
are likely continue to see this
phenomena too in the rest of this year
because of the Chinese government
because Premier Lee on latest state
council also mentioned it's it's going
to they are going to continue to support
sports recreation services etexuals.
Yeah. But having said that as you have
shown on the um
very beginning that we continue to see
there are some structural factors as
well cyclical factors that will continue
to be the hurdles for China's
consumption. The structural factors
include still very high precautionary
savings. That's because China is getting
older then it's getting richer while the
uh uh overall market has not sufficient
social securities so that people have to
save at this stage also cyclical factors
that include currently property sectors
still very large
>> and then also trade on cert
Lillian just to I guess zero in on
specific sectors now we we dump
everything into consumption it's it's
quite a wide wide range of sectors of
course. Is there one specific category
or sector within the consumption theme
where you think there is more pricing
power compared to others?
>> I think that would be again going into
the service sectors. So service for
cultural, for education, for tourism,
for sports, recreation, all these parts
they have they still have a a right good
potential to grow in future. If you at
look at macro level, China's service
consumption still takes only less than
half of China's co average household
spending. Well, comparing to the US and
Korea, it's over 60% 70%. So, it's going
to be a long trend opportunities for
them. And then if we look at some of the
other sectors and electronics, AIS of
course these are highly promoted by the
government policies. But uh uh uh we
should be careful of looking at the the
companies or the brands within the
sectors. The brands that we we found out
in another research that those who
understand the local market deeply or
who would have have the ability to adapt
the new technology that with low cost
functions, they could benefit from this
kind of rise in in policy stimulus
trends. Yeah.
Lillian, thank you so much for the time.
Lillian Lee there, vice president,
senior credit officer at Moody's ratings
in Shanghai uh just now, right? Just a
brief glance. The Aussie dollar up
against the US dollar. You're going to
seen it shortly. And of course, up
against just about every single uh one
of its major peers here on the back of
this extremely hot and you know what,
quite nasty inflation report.
>> Yeah, I think it's one of the highest
that we've seen since July 2024. Housing
was one of the largest contributors to
that as well. So certainly that's why
we're seeing the Aussie dollar pop this
morning. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, back to one of our top
stories now. President Trump's attempt
to remove Fed Governor Lisa Cook from
the central bank. Our team at Bloomber
Economics is saying Fed independence is
where quote the governor's rubber hits
the market road. Let's get to our Tom
Arl, chief economist joining us from
Tokyo here this morning. Tom, obviously
there's been a lot of talk at what's at
stake here. You know, Fed independence
certainly in question. What What does
the team say about this now? It seems
like the market is now really taking
this uh seriously.
>> Yeah, I think that's right, Ivonne. Uh,
of course, um, uh, for liberals in the
United States, uh, there's a lot of, uh,
pearl clutching going on regarding
concerns about governance and the
attacks on the courts and the attacks on
the press, uh, the firing of the head of
the Bureau of Labor Statistics, markets
in general, um, don't pay a huge amount
of attention to this kind of broader
governance narrative. Um the area where
it really is hitting home for investors
though um is the uh White House attacks
on the Federal Reserve. Um and so uh as
we saw a few weeks ago, attacks on Chair
Powell getting serious uh and as we've
seen in the last few days, uh attacks on
Governor Lisa Cook getting serious uh
with charges of mortgage fraud, uh and
the president claiming that that gives
him sufficient cause uh to remove her
from the board. Um we are seeing markets
reacting uh shortend rates falling as
bets on um imminent rate cuts increase
um and long-end rates rising as concerns
about the erosion of Fed independence
and all of that mean all that means for
inflation in the United States uh start
to um start to escalate.
Tom, David here. The how much certainty
do you think we markets should be
attaching to
not just lower rates in September but
lower rates even after September given
all the uncertainties and wild cards uh
when it comes to the inflation data.
So, I think there's two big factors in
play when we think about the the
short-term inflation outlook, uh, David,
or the short-term outlook for the Fed.
Um, so the first is what's going to
happen with tariffs and the pass through
from tariffs, uh, to inflation. Um now
the early evidence there and I want to
stress that it's the early evidence um
is that we're not seeing a huge amount
of pass through of tariffs to inflation
perhaps because companies did so much
front loading before the tariffs hit
that they're now sitting on a
significant amount of inventory. Um the
second big consideration um is what
happens with the composition of the Fed
board. Um, we've already seen Adriana
Cougler exit. Uh, she'll be replaced by,
uh, Steven Myron, uh, formerly the head
of, uh, Trump's Council of Economic
Adviserss. He's pretty certain to be a
vote for a rate cut. We'll see what
happens with Governor Lisa Cook. Um, but
in a risk scenario where she exits, we
could have another vote for a cut uh,
coming onto the board as well. Um now
where does this all play out? Um well
markets are now putting a pretty high
probability on a September cut.
Tom, thank you sir. Tom Orick there in
Tokyo, chief economist of course of
Bloomberg Economics. Plenty more ahead
here on the China show.
[Music]
Right, you do not want to miss this
exclusive conversation coming up next.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. Uh it is one of the standout
markets. So really that is still seeing
some green here. The rest of Asia
slightly to the downside here as of
course we wait for the big one. Nvidia
earnings later on on this Wednesday. So
certainly that's the key thing to watch,
but in the meantime, there's a lot of
other earning stories that we got to
talk about here in Hong Kong, too.
>> Yeah. And you know what? So it's in
timing is perfect in a sense that we're
halfway through.
>> Yeah.
>> Um JP Morgan, Wendy Leo, who we have on
the show, has just dropped this note and
she's well risking stating the obvious,
but I think it's important that you have
the the bright spots are the new
consumption place and also biotech. And
these are obviously sectors that have
really outperformed exceptionally well
uh provided you alpha it's more than a
beta play. All those conversations
taking place. We're also seeing in terms
of how the market is reacting to the
earnings. So almost like for like if you
take a company A that reports a 50% beat
in profit and company B 50% beat in
profit it will depend which sector they
are and how investors behave that
investors seem to be rewarding are are
easier impressed with the names that
they they've already been buying up.
>> Yes. So certainly as you mentioned right
it's the new consumption it's the
poparts the laoo the minos that has says
have reported strong results. uh when it
comes to room for optimism, she says,
"Look, highly competitive industries
amidst this whole anti-involution sort
of pivot uh suggests that maybe you're
you're going to start to see margins
normalize really in the second half of
this year and next year. So even signs
of bottoming out, they're saying
construction machinery, railway names,
those are starting to see a bit of a
turn around the corner as well. But
yeah, we got to talk about NEO, right?
So JP Morgan coming out with that
upgrade to the stock to overweight. They
came out with this new model as well.
Capricorn tech, right? record profits in
the first half here thanks to this whole
AI demand in China as well.
>> Yeah, it's slightly cheaper now compared
to uh the multiple yesterday because we
now have some earnings coming through
there. And you know speaking of the
whole AI play when you look at SMIC,
right? So it it also helps that there is
some policy pronouncements that will
help uh drive not just AI chip
innovations, they're also talking about
some guidelines around robotics for
example. So there are starting to put
more meat in the bones as far as um how
this develops moving forward. And I
think that then takes us into this whole
gamut of earnings that are set to come
through today and really a snapshot of
everything from consumerdriven cyclical
very upstream like Chalco for example
very downstream when it comes to the
property name like Soladad they're all
coming out today and again we were just
talking about this note from Wendy Lo
the bright spots to watch so far have
been new consumption and biotech so
watch for those very very closely today
right apart from this the other big
story that's suddenly become front and
center is our Aussie assets Aussie up
yields are up there on this quite a
crazy inflation report right came in
well above estimates above the highest
estimates um as you can see yields are
pushing higher and of course the Aussie
dollar is gaining against every single
one of its major peers today
>> and what was the biggest contributor
housing right so it's very similar what
we saw in the US where shelter costs and
the like are still starting seeing some
very lingering effects when it comes to
services inflation and the like and
probably why we heard Michelle Bolock
say that this easing cycle is going to
be quite gradual.
>> Yeah, if at all. In fact, when you look
at poly market, the betting markets,
there's actually one specific play
there. Will the Fed hike interest rates
this year? And I think it's still 5%
probability, but the fact that it's
still people are betting on that
separately is maybe some somewhat of a a
tail risk, if you will. Mark Cranfield
is with us right now out of Singapore. I
am live strategist. Mark, I know let's
not talk about extremes here, but what
can we start off with what's happening
in in in Australia and does it make I
guess sense from a you know the broader
scheme of things uh that people are
sleeping on inflation risks.
>> Well, those uh numbers they they may be
corrected afterwards. I mean, it's a bit
of a leap for for one set of numbers to
be so far out of line with expectations.
Maybe we'll see some moderation once
they take a second look at it. But on
the face of it, yes, those are are
numbers which do not support the RBA
lowering interest rates again. You would
say they'd have to go on hold for an
extended period. If they if those
numbers are correct, it certainly would
make people rethink the idea that
Australia has lower interest rates rates
to come going into next year. they they
will have to be from that point of view
they will have to be more like the Bank
of Japan and think to themselves that
their inflation problem is becoming a
little bit sticky here and that they
need to to slow things down a bit. The
flip side of course is that it's very
good for the Australian dollar and you
have a double whammy today. You you have
those that bit of data plus another very
strong Chinese yuan fixing and the the
relationship between the Australian
dollar and the Chinese currency is
pretty close. So when you have China
pushing their currency even stronger,
that helps the Australian dollar. Then
you've got the doubts creeping in about
whether Australian interest rates need
to be on hold for some time. And then
against that, you've got New Zealand
that are still lowering interest rates.
It's all feeding into positives for the
Australian currency. Even if the the
bond market stabilizes in the short
term, at least people can be a bit more
confident that with generally a story
which suggests the US dollar should be
going down a bit further because of
questions over Fed independence, Aussie,
euro, yen, British pound. Those are the
kind of currencies that people will be
looking to as a way to play against
their strategy on the Fed and when they
may cut rates or whether they're going
to continue into next year on that
basis.
Yeah, we've been talking about the
steepening of that Treasury yield curve
continues, right?
>> Do you think that actually in some ways
hurts or helps the sort of risk rally
that we've been seeing in markets?
>> I think from the equities point of view
at the moment, it it's not a problem. It
could become a problem further down the
track, particularly if 30 yields in the
US get well above 5% again. But for the
meantime, equity market is more focused
on what it's doing to the short end of
the yield curve. So you've really got
them going in opposite directions. For
example, if you look at the oneyear and
two-year yields in America, they're
really pricing for a series of interest
rate cuts. And that's what the equity
market is very happy to see. They want
to know that generally yields are on a
downward path. And of course, they're
also thinking about the same equity
stories you were discussing earlier.
They think that the AI narrative has got
further to go. There's more upside in
there. So overall, equity market is a
bit focused on on other issues. they're
not too worried about the curve in
general. If we get a situation, as we've
seen with the UK market and to some
extent with the French market, if fixed
income investors really get defensive
and they start throwing out bonds across
the curve, that becomes a bit of a
different story. That will be negative
feedback loop for equities. But for now,
the stock market mostly is thinking
about short-term rates coming down and
the Fed helping them out over the next
several months.
Mark, speaking of short-term rates
helping a specific equity market,
short-term rates have really led to all
this liquidity coming in into the
Chinese equity market. Uh I'm also
looking at the fix of the day and it has
been stronger for has been stronger
recently to your point and I'm looking
at CNY as you know almost I think it got
quoted below 7:15 today but just to say
Mark does this rally continue in the
entra markets with everything that seems
to be supportive on the periphery.
>> It's really it's really a question of of
that no bad news to to interrupt the the
situation here. So really since the the
days of COVID zero investors looking at
China were a bit concerned every time
the market goes up a bit there will be
something negative comes out from the
Chinese government in terms of policy or
some redirection of the narrative and
that sets the market back. Currently
we're in a kind of a goldilocks period.
We have a truce between China and the US
on their trade tariffs that's being
pushed further down the road. Nobody is
correcting that for the time being. In
fact, we've got one of China's leading
negotiators about to go to the United
States. So, that's another positive. So,
we're gradually working towards a
situation where the US and China are on
the same page. That's good for the
equity market. You got lots of positive
local stories going on in the China
market as you were highlighting earlier.
That will feed through into decent
earnings as well. Most people have been
underweight China over the last couple
of years. There's probably still some
catchup to go there. You put all of
those things together, there's a
positive domestic story for China. You
might even get foreign money coming in
as well with the yuan on an upward
trajectory as well. The thing that could
derail that all of that, of course, is
that Donald Trump changes his mind and
he wants to be much tougher on China in
terms of tariffs. For the moment, that's
not on the table. So investors are
pretty happy, but they're probably
looking over their shoulder all the time
just in case that situation with America
changes and then they have to be more
defensive. As long as it doesn't, it's
going to be good days for the Chinese
market.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield there,
our MI strategist joining us out of
Singapore here. Coming up, we have the
CEO of Hong Kong Investment Corporation,
Clara Chan, joining us next with her
insights on the city's investment
landscape and how they're navigating a
volatile geopolitical environment. This
is it. Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. Here are some of the
latest headlines and listings in Hong
Kong recently. Well, Chinese beauty
products maker Proa reported first half
revenue around $750 million. That did
miss estimates. Net income jumped almost
14% but still missed the street. Now
this comes amid growing competition and
weaker consumer demand. The HJO based
cosmetic maker also announced plans to
list shares in Hong Kong as it looks to
boost global expansion. Linar maker Hai
group has won approval from China
securities regulator to list shares in
Hong Kong. Also that the company plans
to issue over 51 million shares on the
Hong Kong exchange potentially raising
around $300 million. And the move marks
another step by Chinese tech firms
seeking offshore capital. Ignis
Therapeutics, a Chinese biotech backed
by Abu Dhabi's Mubadala, is weighing a
Hong Kong IPO. Now, sources say the
Shanghai based firm is working with
advisors, but the timing and size remain
undecided. Ignis develops treatments for
diseases such as epilepsy, insomnia, and
Parkinson's. Yeah, you know, as Ivon was
just going through there, this red hot
IPO market is continuing to be a story
and really an exit option for many large
funds out there. In fact, it's helped,
you know, uh we're talking now to uh
Hong Kong Investment Corporation and
that's a snapshot really and really what
this means for their specific
investment. a snapshot just in case.
initial capital 8 billion US areas of
focus as you can see on your screens
120 plus investments since inception
back in I think fourth quarter 2022 and
10 plus of those projects and portfolio
companies are actually planning to the
point we were just making listing here
in Hong Kong
>> this 2025 at least they put in their
applications is what we understand
joining us here exclusively to talk
about all these things is Clar Chan CEO
of HKIC good morning nice to see you
>> good morning Ivon Good morning, David.
Thank you for having me today.
>> So, 2022, fourth quarter,
>> right?
>> That's about 30 quarters. I was doing
some rough math in my head. So, what's
been accomplished since then?
>> Well, I think um we were established in
the Q4 of 2022. And um basically as a
patient capital institution owned by the
government. So, we only do one thing. We
invest for the future of Hong Kong. But
that means we have to take into account
two dimensions at least when we look at
different dues and partners. So what is
financial return? Just like all other
professional institutional investors, we
need to look at numbers like IRRa, MOIC,
DPI, combination of those. So that's
number one. At the same time, we also
want to through investment create or
support the new growth impetus for Hong
Kong's future economy and society. So as
David mentioned, we have been very
focused on areas such as innovation and
technology.
>> Can you tell us a little bit more about
these 120 companies? I know you can't
talk about every single one of them, but
but what are sort of the priorities that
moving forward?
>> I think uh picking the right theme is
very important because as I said part of
the mandate is really to support Hong
Kong's future economy and society. So we
need to have the sectors, the partners
and the companies which complement that
theme. So what we call the meeting of
minds and the alignment of our interests
and therefore we focus on theme like
hard and core technology and the
applications including artificial
intelligence. We do a lot of those
companies ranging from the large
language model to embodied AI to AI drug
discovery. We also cover um themes like
biotech and also uh new energy and
technology. And in addition, we're
exploring new themes which we think
would do good for Hong Kong such as
fintech. And uh on that note um I think
some of the companies people really know
about them that we have invested like
for fintech we have Vlab or digital bank
we have AIFT which previously was known
as one degree. So basically these firms
they are combining the attributes of
Hong Kong uh in terms of financial
services and also AI. So we think they
would bring a good growth trajectory.
>> I guess people are then curious about
you know how the process works you know
deal origination that sort of thing. So
120 plus companies already help us
understand that side of your operations.
How do you find these deals
>> and how do you make these investment
decisions?
>> We are very robust because as I just
mentioned two dimension we look at
financial return and also the strategic
value to Hong Kong. But the f first step
has to be financial return and therefore
we have deal flows from different
sources. We have those directly from the
companies, from the universities, from
uh the different industrial players, the
financial players and also from our key
investor like other sovereign wealth
funds from around the world. And I think
this is actually um good because this
allowed us to cast the net wider and
then you could also have intelligence
and information from all sorts of
different sources which is very very
important for us to make the decision.
But as you said when the deal come in so
what do we do? We basically um based on
the two dimensions I just mentioned we
make a judgment for the first part
definitely we underwrite just like all
of our other peers from around the world
and one validation um of that approach
is that nowadays when we have more than
120 companies whenever we showcase them
we brought them uh with us in the
delegation a lot of other social funds
around the world they're very interested
in um investing in them so you can
imagine that I think financially we
actually set the bar high but at At the
same time, these companies have to bring
goods to Hong Kong such as for example
when they move their headquarter here,
when they establish their overseas
headquarter here, they list more office
space, they hire more people and uh as
you also mentioned um many of our um
investing companies, they were either
already two already listed and more than
10 already submitted either or um
express their plan to submit for IPO in
Hong Kong this year.
>> Okay. the what's the do you have any
restrictions as far as the mandate goes?
People are wondering are these only Hong
Kong companies?
>> Do these include male and Chinese
companies? Are you looking at a whole
gamut of uh potential projects?
>> Uh rule number one for us as a primatic
uh and professional investor we
definitely need to cast the net as wide
as possible right because Hong Kong I
think we are very international. So no
matter it's company born and raised in
Hong Kong, from mainland China or from
overseas, I think we have to attract
them and attracts the smartest minds I
think from around the world, the best
companies to come and develop in Hong
Kong. And I think the HKIC we are really
taking forward our mandate um in the way
that we will support and committed to uh
making success together with this
company. Um if these companies are not
only from Hong Kong but they are also
committed to contribute to Hong Kong.
>> Where do you look elsewhere? I mean what
other geographies are you focus on
beyond just Hong Kong and China? Now
>> actually I just globally but we look at
different geographies um in different
sense for example for companies um born
and raised in Hong Kong. We hope to help
them expand their business, expand their
market. So we look a lot to the B and Ro
countries and uh for example also
Southeast Asia. We recently led a
delegation there and we were able to um
actually facilitate a deal making
between some of our companies and the
sofa well funds and the corporates there
and also Middle East and we are also
planning to do um a delegation to lead
some of the companies to Europe because
the world is really great the market
potential is really great for a lot of
our companies but on the other sense for
the uh sake of bringing um the uh other
talents and enterprises from around the
world we actually cast the net as wide
as possible because as I said we want to
have the best and the smartest mind for
Hong Kong.
>> Of the 8 billion, I know you can't talk
specific numbers, but how how much of
that have you been have you deployed
already? And do you see a need at some
point to be able to top up that capital
and what is the mechanism to top that up
is is the other question.
>> Well, definitely we were set out by um
the government um by the chief executive
in his 2022 policy address. And so
definitely I'm sure the government have
the plan in terms of u how to further
support the HKIC in terms of the policy
as well as the capital but at the same
time we are progressing pretty well in
terms of the uh capital deployment but
um I think we not only look at the uh
quantity but also the quality of the
companies that we invested in and so far
on that note uh while we talk about the
IPO in terms of um as the uh latest
status of some of our companies I would
also say that from a financial return
perspective, we also see very positive
trajectory. For example, for the
companies even before the uh IPO stage
because we invest in early and growth
stages as well for those companies a lot
of them after our investment they have
up rounds in terms of financing round
also they a lot of them have markups
because of the business expansion and
revenue expansion.
>> Okay. So the in terms of the exit, talk
to us about the exit market right now.
How how how conducive are things really
for funds like yourself?
>> Well, I think two things. Number one,
the Hong Kong stock market is great. I'm
sure it continue with it great momentum,
but the other thing is for the HKIC. So
IPO is definitely an important stage of
the company, but if you look at our
mandate because it's not only for
financial return, we still have that
strategic angle. So for us, WoW is an
important stage, but an IPO and the
expiry of that lock up period does not
necessarily mean an automatic exit of
the company. It really depends on our
plan and blueprint of that company to
bring value to Hong Kong.
>> Yeah. Well, go ahead.
>> No, no, no. I was wondering because a
lot of you mentioned you're casting the
net as wide as possible. I need to ask
you about how the geopolitical
environment has shaped
>> not just investment decisions but also
the the runway I guess for many of your
portfolio companies. How is that
featured into into how you think?
>> How are you preparing for these
different market conditions like
geopolitical
>> risk? I think geopolitics like other
risks they're like a given for our
underwriting right now. And I'm sure
it's not only for the HKIC but also for
other what we call the patient capital
or long-term capital um institution like
us. But the beauty and uh I think the
power of uh patient capital is that we
could transcend cycles. So the more
important thing is really for us to pick
the right theme and then we invest in
that early. So the noises and the rumors
and everything in between u I would say
that they could actually be positive
window for us to go into the market
because the valuation may be impacted of
individual companies and also the
negotiating power of us may be even
larger. Clara, it's great to have you
here. Thank you so much. Clara Chen
there, CEO at Hong Kong Investment
Corporation, joining us here in our Hong
Kong studios. And of course, you can get
an insiders guide to the money and
people shaking up the finance hub in our
Hong Kong edition newsletter that's out
every Thursday. You can sign up through
our website,
bloomberrook.com/newsletters.
[Music]
All right, some more earnings to tell
you about here in China. Shares of
ProChina are on the rise after reported
first half results that were in line
with expectations. China's largest oil
and gas producer has proposed acquiring
three natural gas storage companies for
$5.6 billion. Now, China has been
ramping up gas consumption to boost
energy security and reduce its reliance
on coal. Ping Insurance has reported a
nearly 9% drop in first half profit. The
company says net income fell to $9.5
billion, which is down from the 10.4
billion it posted a year earlier.
Pingan's investment returns were dented
by stock market volatility during the
period as well as lower interest rates
amid China's economic slowdown. Nofu
Springs first half profit climbed to its
highest level since at least 2019.
Earnings rose 22% for the period,
reversing a decline in the later half of
last year. Revenue also rose 16% which
beat estimates. Firm is showing signs of
recovery after a consumer boycott last
year. Wade and the bottled water giants
reputation.
>> Okay. Um we're in the thick of earning
season. We're just about halfway
through. We were pointing that out. 48%
to be more exact and precise there. And
of course we by the end of the session
will be through uh quite a lot more. Now
separately but also related to this is
Cambercon tech which is both a chip and
an earnings story and they came out of
course with earnings and into uh into
profits a record profit in fact for the
first half. Now separately there's also
a policy component to why we're looking
at this cohort here and as you can see
uh substantially higher. Uh we're
looking at some policy support coming
out of the state council and some
guidelines and more specifics there as
it pertains to what the government plans
to do to develop this industry even
further. Um it's in Chinese though, but
certainly there's a link to that if you
just uh know how to use the internet.
Okay. Uh chairs of uh Neon in Japan.
Yeah. Go ahead.
>> Yeah. So this is on the back of our
sources saying that SLR Lazotica is
exploring a potential deal to increase
its stake in the company to around 20%.
Oh, 20% gains for the stock. But yes,
plenty more to come there. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Japanese market is headed to that lunch
break and we are seeing when it comes to
Nic 225 still pointing higher here about
140 points here right now we have seen
some weakness in the yen and really
coming off some of the gains that we saw
yesterday uh there as well but we're
focusing a But Dave of course on the
remino.
>> Yeah. So two things right on the
offshore rate specifically and this is
really uh funnily enough has has a
bigger slightly bigger sensitivity to
the fix but the fix is obviously focused
in on uh the onore rate and I simply say
that because when you look at offshore
investors have been really been moving
things also on the back of some of the
data that's come through so far. So at
this level 71510 we're either at or
flirting with the highs of of of the
year. So far in fact going back let's
just call it even 715 takes you
basically back to the levels of last uh
November now uh on this specific level
when you look at the CNY which is the
onore rate obviously and you do a spread
and you can do a bit of an arbitrage
there at 71511 which is almost parody uh
we were quoted I think few minutes ago
below 715 it's certainly a level to
watch because a stronger RMBB basically
is a is a net credits uh to EM assets
and certainly the punchy fix on a
stronger side of things will tend to
keep money in and certainly has been a
one of the tailwinds that has provided
uh this this bull market really uh to
continue running. Now separate story to
tell you about this time in the last
hour. Two things came out. Industrial
profits, we talked about that and also
Aussie inflation. The latter had
garnered a lot of attention simply
because it came in higher than forecast.
We had to look at the components uh
highest since 2024 uh as far as core
inflation goes. And as you can see,
markets actually what was interesting
was the odds initially spiked and we
have since given back that strength uh
and we're now looking at yields still
though uh towards the upside especially
on the three-year yield and yeah that
really makes life more complicated in
many ways if there's no revisions of
course uh for the RBI pand with us right
now Asia Pacific economy reporter uh
with us from Sydney. Swatti what what is
going on there?
Um so the biggest contributor for
inflation in spike was electricity. So
the ABS which is the Australian Bureau
of Statistics they classify electricity
under housing costs. So at first read it
looks like it's housing again. Uh but
really it's electricity prices. The
government gives rebates to people and
uh consumers in New South Wales state
where Sydney is and Canbor uh did not
receive rebates in July. they will start
receiving them from August. Uh which is
why we see this big spike in electricity
prices. Now economists were aware of
that and they were as a result
predicting an increase anyway but the
number today was much bigger than what
they had expected. Uh we also saw
increases in food prices. So tea,
coffee, cocoa prices have surged by a
lot. And then the other contributor
which is kind of a permanent fixture in
inflation number is tobacco and alcohol.
>> Okay. How bit of a headache is this
going to be for the RBA? They they've
already cautioned that you know this
easing cycle is going to be you know
they're going to be gradual in their
approach. But how are we looking in
terms of meetings coming through in
September and and November now?
>> Yeah. So as far as the RBA is concerned,
Michelle Bullock has said many times now
that they do not rely so much on the
monthly number because of this reason.
It is very volatile and it does not
provide a very good signal of where
prices are. uh that was a big reason why
we saw a huge surprise in the rate
outcome in July as well when the RBA
decided to stand pat when markets were
predicting a cut after the monthly
inflation had come weaker than expected.
The RBA said it did not want to react to
that monthly number and wants to look at
the quarterly uh report which is more
comprehensive. The next quarterly report
will come in October and so it is pretty
likely that the RBA will again just uh
sit on its hands uh when it meets in in
September wait for the comprehensive
quarterly number in October and then if
it if it feels the need will cut in
November. Markets are currently
expecting a cut in November as do
economists.
>> Yeah, including James McIntyre of course
is one of ours. Swatty, thank you so
much. Wii pani there in Sydney. Of
course, just in fact on that note we
just mentioned there uh we James has put
out his initial take on things and he is
also of that view that this spike in CPI
will not change plans for a rate cut
come November. There we go.
>> Yeah, got to watch the quarterly
numbers. All right. Uh we got to take a
look at what's going on in India. Right.
Markets are closed today, but certainly
the countdown clock is is running here
right now because the US is set to
implement that 50% tariff on Indian
goods as of Wednesday, I believe 9:30 or
so local time there. A move New Delhi
has called quote unfair. Right. Let's
bring in our Bloomberg India trade and
economy reporter Shuty Shivasava. Uh
she's with us here right now. Um you
know obviously this these tariffs go
into effect here right now. I mean h how
how is everyone feeling right now
overall? I mean this is probably one of
the worst tariff rates we've seen uh
that the US has had uh with you know in
the world right now. What how is India
going to respond to this?
>> Absolutely. You're absolutely right. You
know this is a crushing 50% tariff which
the Trump administration has imposed on
India. This is one of the highest among
Asian economies and I think officials in
New Delhi are suitably stunned because
India was one of the first countries to
start negotiating uh trade talks with
the US administration and they had uh
you know announced they had pledged to
have a bilateral trade deal by fall of
this year when Modi visited a white
house in February and uh despite being
the first among the first nations to try
and secure a trade deal and stay off the
reciprocal tariffs, India is now saddled
with 50% tariff as US President Donald
Trump punishes India for its continued
purchase of Russian oil. Uh Trump has
blasted India for its continued
purchase. Remember India rammed up its
purchase of Russian oil. Uh since uh on
a since Russia had a full-scale invasion
in Ukraine in 2022 and uh as per reports
uh Russia's 37% of oil is being bought
by India. So uh clearly you know the
relationships between the two nations
have freed and uh there is no signal
whether the two nations would be able to
have a trade deal anytime soon.
>> So Shudy it's this is certainly
something that not a lot of people were
expecting even as recently as two months
ago. It's c now we certainly have had
enough time to help understand and you
know help dissect what the impact is to
the economy. What have you heard so far
from the people that you speak with? 50%
tariff what does it do to the Indian
economy?
>> So definitely 50% tariff is definitely
going to have a impact on the world's
fastest growing major economy. Uh blue
some estimates show that you know uh
some 1% can be shaved off India's GDP if
50% tariffs remain. Uh remember US is
India's largest trading partner and some
87.4 4 billion goods were you know
exported to the US last year calendar
year and but despite that it's just 2%
of India's GDP you know uh India is
largely a consumption domestic
consumption-driven market in fact
consumption comprises some 60% of
India's GDP so definitely there's going
to be an impact but the government is
hoping that uh you know by boosting uh
consumption measures it would be able to
cushion the impact which can be on the
nation uh you know ahead of these uh
tariff which kick in 9:31 as you said
today morning. Ahead of these uh last
last week uh Modi he announced next
generation reforms. He pledged that uh
the process will be made simple. There
will be ease of doing business and in
the first major overhaul in the earlier
decade he announced consumption uh tax
cuts in consumption. So uh they are
trying to simplify the goods and
services tax regime that India has and
uh they they believe that by bringing in
these measures they would be able to
ease some pain and lift consumption
spending which would be you know
basically act as a cushion uh when the
impact full scale impact of US tariffs
come
we leave it there but thank you Shi
Shivasava there our Bloomberg India
trade and economy reporter we got plenty
more ahead this is Bloomberg
[Music]
Welcome back. A quick look now at some
of the top headlines in China's official
across China's official media. financial
papers including the securities journal
are headlining a government's
announcement on AI. The state council
says we talked about this and market
reaction already in fact will boost
financial and fiscal support for AI and
promote legislation for the sector under
the artificial intelligence plus that's
the action plan. Now the state
broadcaster CCTV reports that a
government is pledging to open up the
services trade uh sector even further. A
state council study session hosted by
Premier Li Chong uh also urged
manufacturers to evolve from product
makers to integrated service providers.
Meanwhile, China stock rally has
brokerages reportedly locked in a price
war what over margin financing rates
prompting concerns in the industry. Uh
the Securities Times says some industry
players are now calling for moderate
anti-involution measures to re in the
trend. Now there are worries that the
race to the bottom could encourage
highly leveraged trading without
adequate risk assessments. Ivon.
>> All right. Anti-volution even the
brokerage space that we're tracking here
today. Now, Chinese media is also
boosting coverage of the big parade next
week, right? Where the military is set
to showcase its anti-ship missiles,
combat drones, and nuclear capable
ballistic missiles. So, we're talking
about September 3rd. That is the day.
But we're looking at what what we've
been seeing here. satellite imagery that
was taken I think earlier this month and
this one is of a staging area just
outside of Beijing and really among the
weapons that are visible appear to be
attack and reconnaissance drones that's
according to analysts at the open
nuclear network in Vienna which
specializes in these kind of open source
intelligence here. So really kind of
showing the military capabilities uh
leading up to it but yes a lot of lot of
anticipation of what we could see next
week. Yeah, in fact, let's cross it over
now uh to Beijing and our China
correspondent Minman Lo is in fact there
in at the capital for us to talk about
the significance of these weapons. Mman,
why don't we start there and then we'll
talk about what the mood in the ground
is there uh in Beijing. But yeah, all
yours.
>> Yes, Ivonne just showed those satellite
images. Those will really be scrutinized
by defense analysts for a sign of what
are some of the latest cutting edge
technology that China has. It is not
clear if that staging area and all the
weapons you see there will be the same
ones that will be rolling through the
streets of Beijing during the parade,
but it's highly probable and it's
actually quite hard to identify some of
them because some of them are covered by
uh shrouded by coverings. But we've been
speaking to defense analysts and they
believe that among them are
intercontinental ballistic missiles
15,000 km in range capable of hitting
the US and of course uh anti-ship
missiles as well hypersonic systems that
would be at the center of any US China
warfare because they're clearly targeted
at suppressing US naval warships in the
Western Pacific. of course, armored
vehicles, drones that are meant to
defend against these uh uh tanks that
are meant to defend against drones as
well. And there are also these so-called
wingman drones that are meant to
accompany crude fighters to multiply
their sensory and fighting capabilities.
That is a system that the US is also
investing heavily on as well. So the
parade is not just a time for them to
reinject this feelings of patriotism
among the Chinese citizens. Also a
message of deterrence here, but also a
marketing opportunity for this Chinese
military defense complex. It's because
it's coming days after the SEO summit,
the Shanghai Cooperation Organization
summit in Tanzin where Modi and Putin
are attending. But Pakistan also will be
there and we know Pakistan is a big
buyer of China's defense systems.
>> Yeah, it's a big event in the political
calendar. Can you tell us, you know, how
are things on on the ground? I mean,
obviously, there's going to be a lot of
activity in Tennamin Square, but what
are you seeing and hearing so far?
>> Yeah, the city is very on edge right now
as we look towards that parade because
security is highly tightened. Uh there
had been rehearsals every Saturday over
the past few weeks which led to a lot of
road closures. I can't even begin to
count how many of those no entry signs
are popping up on the road navigation
app and it's creating massive traffic
jams especially on Chan Avenue the main
road that passes through Tanaman Square
where Ma portrait is a lot of these
malls and office buildings that you used
to be able to walk in and out of uh you
know easily in the past. Now there are
additional back and security checks and
hotels on that road told me that they
are closing for a few days during the
parade period as well. So the whole city
is on alert to ensure that everything
goes according to plan. Nothing
embarrassing happens that could distract
from the parade on September 3rd.
>> Okay. M how is this being covered
domestically? What are you seeing across
uh Chinese media on this?
>> Yeah, there has been really a ramp up of
this political rhetoric ahead of this.
There is even a movie that was created
just ahead of the parade. It's called
Dead to Rights featuring the Nanting
Massacre with very very graphic images,
very pointed dialogue that says things
like, you know, the Japanese are beasts
that they don't treat Chinese people
with proper human rights. And you can
imagine this is a sort of film that
would really r up tension with Japan.
And so Japanese media has been talking
about it. and Chinese state link media
global times have been attacking
Japanese media for being up in arms
about this movie for saying that this
naning massacre is a historical hoax
that is devised by China and you can see
on this quote that we will show you says
that this is an astonishing outrageous
claim by Japan aiming to distort this
history of blood and sorrow and it says
that China has a responsibility to
remind its citizens and the world that
this atrocity happened that it should
never happen again. And People's Daily
as well, a full page from yesterday,
yesterday's newspaper showing, you know,
all these images commemorating the key
moments and the heroes of the victory of
that war against Japan during World War
II.
>> All right, our channel correspondent Mim
Lo there on the latest on what to expect
next week. She joins us, of course, from
Beijing, and we'll be there. Um yeah
certainly you know everyone's will be
you know observing these kind of new
tanks these missiles these the weaponry
of course it's going to be on full
display but I think there's also a lot
of questions about you know the whole
military shakeup that we have seen uh
recently and what this all means right
of course as Xiinping nears a potential
fourth term in power in a few years that
is the subject of our big take here
today and a Bloomberg analysis has found
that President Xi has ousted almost a
fifth of the generals whom he personally
appointed since taking power in 2012.
Let's bring in our China economy and
government editor, Alan Wong, joining us
now here. Tell us more what was
happening amongst the Chinese military
leadership.
>> Well, I'm sure the bosses of China's
militaries, they're busy preparing for
this parade, but uh what's been going on
in the background is that there has been
the biggest purge of the most senior
ranks of the Chinese military uh since
the Mao era. uh you mentioned that uh
nearly uh a fifth of uh the generals
that President Xi Jinping personally
appointed have been have gone missing or
been investigated. Uh the most recent
example is General Hu Dong. He went
missing uh well he vanished from public
view in March this year and uh notably
in an April event, a tree planting event
that uh traditionally features all
members of uh the top ranks of the
Chinese military. He was also not seen
there and there was a clearer sign today
that we have that he is he's in trouble
and uh we're talking about someone who
is the second most highranking military
officer in the people's liberation army.
So his investigation will have lots of
implications on the Chinese military's
uh uh readiness in any combat or any
military operations that the president
wants to execute.
>> Let's let's talk about the wise now.
what what's behind what are the reasons
behind the purge?
>> I think it goes back to uh President Xi
Jinping's anti-corruption campaign when
he became the leader of the ruling
communist party. He made fighting
corruption one of his biggest platforms,
one that uh united many people in uh in
in China and uh people genuinely think
that uh that's some a problem that China
needs to fix. So uh in more recent years
back in 2023 uh we've been we started
hearing about some really deep uh
problems with the Chinese military
especially with the equipment
development program which is the
department that uh that's in charge of
procuring weapons. So they that
department uh disclosed that uh there
were problems with clicks inside
military as well as information leaks
and other uh procurement scandals. Yeah.
So uh we we knew from the time that uh
the top generals in charge of uh China's
missiles and nuclear weapons they were
investigated uh for their conduct. So
that means that uh they'll have many
implications for China's military
because Xi Jinping must ask himself can
I trust my generals to carry out uh my
uh strategic missions and can I trust
that them to do their jobs when the time
comes when the when they need to deploy
the military? How should the
international community be looking at
this? May why is it there's so much
alarm or why is it so alarming on the
global stage?
>> I think there are two ways to read into
it. Uh there's unfortunately not a
definitive answer. One is that uh one
hypothesis is that Xiinping by
uh tackling corruption at the highest
level of his military. he is showing
that he has full control and that uh
he's confident that his power base
wouldn't be shaken even if he removes
people that he personally appointed. But
uh there's another theory is that uh
that I uh just mentioned just now is
that even Xiinping's judgment uh when it
comes to personnel is shaky and that he
has appointed people that turned out to
be corrupt or that might that might u I
mean for Xiinping he might he might
start to question whether he can rely on
his military when he needs it.
>> So so what's next then? Uh the next
thing we'll be watching out obviously is
the parade next week, but then a couple
weeks after that, we'll see China's
having its fourth plan meeting when the
hundreds of China's top leaders, they
will get together to talk about the
5-year plan for the economy, but also
make important personnel decisions. So
at that occasion, we'll we may see some
appointments to uh China's top military
body, which is the central um military
commission, which now only has four
members, down from seven. So if they
appoint some civilian leader to that
body that could but unlikely uh be a
sign of who could succeed at President
Xiinping.
Alan, thank you. Alan Wong there, of
course. And for our Bloomberg
subscribers, you can read about this in
in its entirety and full context. Our
Bloomberg big take of course on the
terminal. It's also on bloomberg.com.
Plenty more ahead.
[Music]
It looks like it's a love story and baby
she said yes.
>> I do.
>> Taylor Swift's engagement to Kansas City
player Travis Kelce. Yeah, that's the
big thing that's trending really
globally. I woke up to a lot of news on
that. uh and it's really flood you know
not just when it comes to you know near
newsfeed but even just online betting
right on the singer's life which is
quite crazy right get this Dave punters
are now putting money behind
expectations for the couple so after
this announcement
>> betting market's already offering odds
of when the pair might have a baby
whether Swift will actually headline
this the Super Bowl halftime show
which could happen first who knows
>> I
Both things could happen, right? Like it
does they're not mutually
>> exclusive, right? It could be it could
be a halftime show and a and and a big
reveal, but who knows? Um
>> um I I I don't know what else is a great
photo shoot, though.
>> It is. Everyone's focusing on The Rock.
It's big. Uh very vintageike.
And yeah, I mean a lot of questions on
where the wedding's going to be, but
yeah, I think everyone's just very
genuinely happy for her
>> that she's finally found her prince
charming.
>> There's a good spot here in Cosway Bay,
actually, if they're interested. Uh, in
terms of if they're looking for wedding
venues, I I found a really good sort of
spot that that has a really good view of
the harbor. If if if just in case
they're looking for um an international
event for people,
>> if they want a destination wedding,
maybe bring it to Hong Kong, right?
We'll welcome you guys. I mean, there's
a stadium here that seats a few thousand
people.
>> Yeah. I just love the caption, right?
Um,
>> what's the caption?
>> The English teacher said yes or marries
the the the the PE teacher. I think
that's what it said. Um,
>> that's sweet.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Anyways, uh, Swifties, if you're
out there, I'm sure you guys are all
celebrating and and also watching these
markets, too. I'm sure there's plenty of
Swifties that are also bankers and
traders out there, too, that are
focusing on both things.
>> Yeah. In fact, my my my ex described me
like these markets some good traits
generally underwhelming.
>> Are you going to quote a Taylor Swift
song? No.
>> We will see you all tomorrow. We'll
leave it there. No bad blood. No bad
blood.
[Music]